Hey guys in the last video if set up the functionality in this video will be setting up the component.
Let's start by opening up a power shop window and going to the Amazon directory.
Type in the rate component cost and then run into service minimize the window.
Let's open up a text editor open up at Roding Manjoo
here imported the cut component and declared as a route.
Now let's open up Kirch component.
Here if imported and instantiated the data service reps a PR service and Guler router is also created
by unwearable we use to enable and disable the check Abadan handler we use to store streps checkout
handler and Canidius you should be used to start a quantities of items
trip by car items.
Use the trepanned the list of products then in a cart to get items is used to get the products then
inside a cart and they get her cup toldo is used to get the total price of products inside a cart.
The energy that we run every time to pitch it inside it will create the array that we use to store the
quantities of items
here in a science truck checkout configure the stuff handler inside it we've configured the struck key
the image and the local
hear the word cocaine which is a function there only to be run but the critical information is something
the strike and Strutt returns the struct and angular the struct token to be used later on on the server
to crush the user inside the token function.
You've created a new array named products and each object that contains to put the ID and the quantity.
Once this is done the list of products along with the total price and a struct token I posted to the
server once the responses received from the server you'd be assigned to variable data.
Then we check if success on data is true.
If this is true the shopping cart would be clear and the success message should be displayed.
Otherwise the error message should be displayed.
If an error occurs on the site the error message should be displayed as well.
Here if Krita remove it you should remove the choosing from the shopping cart
here.
Create our validation method in here to check if any of this is less than one.
If this is true the warning message here will be displayed then to check if the user is locked in.
If the user is not locked in he or she will direct to the lock in pitch and the warning message will
be shown.
Then you check if the user has a shipping address.
If the user doesn't have a shipping address he or she will regret it to the address page and the warning
message should be shown.
If all the tests are passed it met return true.
Here we have our checkout method when it is clicked it will be run.
If what edition is successful strip payment interface will be open.
The amount to be paid is multiplied by 100 as it's required by struct check out line.
For example if you want to pay $50 US then my variable should be 5000.
Now let's open up cut of component s.c.s s
here Sterling is used to Stylo quantity inputs.
Now let's open up Kirch component.
Here created a section the contents the fluid container the container contents the message and display
the text current empty.
If the current is empty if the car is not empty the labels here be displayed.
Here you display the list of products that are inside the user's cart
here.
You've created a cartoon to the right of details which displays the cut total of the check.
But the nice we do is set up the car component.
Now let's take a look at what if
let's make sure that no one is running and open up our app and this product to our car does as well.
And this is a go cart ph here we can change for quantity
and we can delete them as well.
Now let's go ahead and make payment
before we click the button.
Let's open up my
Here you can see that our current shivs is zero
and this Portree successful to go back to it refreshed page.
And here you can see our new earnings.
So there we have it in the next section.
It was setting up the oldest API.